The files in this directory are part of the TAC Toolkit. For more information please visit http://ehealthacceptancedesign.com/

Copyright (C) 2021 Ugo Eb-Levadoux, Camille Nadal & Gavin Doherty, Trinity College Dublin.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

TAC Think-Space citeware: Any publications (e.g. academic reports, papers, other disclosure of results) containing, evaluating, or based on outputs (such as graphs) or data obtained with the use of this software will acknowledge its use by mentioning the name "Mood Monitor Watch app" and an appropriate citation of the following publication (or an updated version): e.g. "This app was developed at Trinity College Dublin in order to support design for user acceptance of technology. For associated publications, see Nadal, C., McCully, S., Doherty, K., Sas, C., Doherty, G. (2022) The TAC toolkit: Supporting the design for user acceptance of health technologies from a macro-temporal perspective. In Proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. ACM."
The above copyright notice, the list of conditions and the following disclaimer shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
Neither the name of Mood Monitor Watch app nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
